One day, the Energizer bunny, the Easter Bunny, and the Playboy bunny were out taking a stroll when they all spotted a squirrel. But not just any squirrel. A pink squirrel with rabies. Since all three bunnies enjoyed eating rabies-flavored squirrels, they decided to catch it and cook it. The playboy bunny attempted to catch it first. But before the Playboy bunny was able to make it to the squirrel, Hugh Hefner jumped (ok, walked out with a cane) of a bush with a creepy old-man grin and started undressing the Playboy bunny with his eyes. The Playboy bunny ran away. Next the Energizer bunny decided to to take a crack at the squirrel. As he rolled over towards the squirrel, he suddenly began to get pelted with Duracell batteries. Confused, he looked up into the trees, and sure enough, the Keebler elves were throwing Duracell batteries at him! I mean, we're talking size D batteries! Afraid one of the batteries would damage his precious drum, the Energizer bunny sped away. The Easter bunny then realized that it was all up to him to catch the delicious rabies-infested squirrel. He sat and thought for a minute when he came up with a beyond-brilliant idea. He closed his eyes and mustered up all of his strength until PLOP! A chocolate egg popped out of him. Seriously, a chocoate egg. I know you're thinking he just took a twosie, but you should know by now that the Easter bunny doesn't take twosies. Just chocolate eggsies. Anyway, if there's something in this world that a pink squirrel with rabies simply cannot resist, it's a chocolate egg. Plus, seeing as the squirrel was on his third cocktail, it didn't even cross his mind that the chocolate egg could be a trap. He bounded towards the chocolate egg, with drool (and foam) spewing from his mouth as he ran. He reached the egg and proceeded to stuff the whole thing into his furry little cheeks. He then looked up and saw the Easter bunny gaping at him. He knew that bunnies loved squirrel meat, and he then realized his little life was about to be snuffed out. A foamy tear slid down his face. Seeing this, the Easter bunny's cold, cold heart instantly melted. Smiling, he hopped away into the sunset, leaving the pink squirrel to his happy care-free life. Then a car came by and hit the squirrel. The end.